IDBRequest.error returns a DOMException or null, no more a DOMError (#15607)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbrequest/error/index.md

## Value

> A {{domxref("DOMError")}} containing the relevant error, or `null` if there was no error.
> In Chrome 48+/Firefox 58+ this property returns a {{domxref("DOMException")}} because 
> `DOMError` has been removed from the DOM standard. The following error codes are returned
> under certain conditions:

Reviewer: Let's remove the `DOMError` bit, this is long gone and developers don't have to worry about it any more.

```suggestion
A {{domxref("DOMException")}} or `null` if there is no error. The following error names are returned
in the exception object:
```
